Added a ton of docs (#123)
alex/rust-asn1: README.md

asn1 = "0.3"
```

> Builds on Rust 1.41.0 and newer, but requires disabling the `const-generics` feature, which allows using the `Implicit` and `Explicit` types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Builds on Rust 1.41.0 and newer, but versions older than 1.51.0 require disabling the `const-generics` feature, which allows using the `Implicit` and `Explicit` types.
```
